everybody welcome ignorant lamb please
mining has gastric plus on the last
episode we died and I hated it because
we never cut any up crates so we're
gonna move over to eating runs for the
time being I get sick I even do right
animals get sick over and um's do 1800
g9c 8 BR with we have to look at stats
again this is this is really bad
terrible rate of fire much worse damage
bad luck like this has got every Fu
written basically all over it right here
from the get-go so the d4 on the other
hand is like an incredibly good items I
just want to run something by you there
thank you for the melancholic music
kicking in before I started 1 hp 14 rate
of fire 2.57 damage some evens out there
don't have access to the advantages that
you and I have please donate your HP to
Eden today so that she can go into a
curse room possibly accrue some
advantages that will help her later in
life for only one breakfast today you
can support an Eden give them the access
to the resources that you and I take for
granted on a daily basis please it's in
you to give alright let's begin again
because oh my god
why well it's 1.89 damage this is this
is out of control you know when I say
like you know when you lose an Isaac you
tend to lose more right after I believe
it but this is getting ridiculous man
tiny planet is obviously not great in
our present situation I'm more concerned
about the fact is that we had three
damages it twelve rate of fire and then
our first v8 roll gave us 25% better
rate of fire but a 50% damage penalty so
like we need to reroll again now we've
got the same rate of fire but much
better damage okay this may actually be
a winnable run now I know you're going
to say NL you haven't looked at your
speed stat yet and
would be correct and now I am looking at
my speed stat and I'm saying 0.64 speed
is not very good that is it is
potentially bad enough to cause us a lot
of problems so I am genuinely concerned
about that but I believe in the power of
this run now
so I mean you never excused me of not
trying to be entertaining here this
start here we could have died on that
very first room I don't think that would
have been that out of the question so
we've done a good job not to do that
this is the best way for us to get like
a maximal advantage here oh that's so
good so now we have nine damage with our
weird holy met not only mental tiny
planet abomination here still if I'm
being yeah why not I'm being 100% honest
with you I don't want to re-roll again
I'm actually like beyond content we've
got an above average rate of fire and
like triple average damage sure our
speed stat is actually horrible and it's
possible or even probable that by just
consistently reshuffling our stats with
the v8 we could eventually get to
something that's objectively better than
what we presently have but dude I don't
know if I want to play with fire you
know what happens when you play with
fire you get a multi-million dollar
special-effects contract special effects
contract with the Hollywood film
industry or you get burned it's one of
the two sometimes both I suppose oh we
got that vapor okay so now that we have
dev a fir'd I will reroll that was
terrible we got a worse rate of fire and
worse damage okay okay now our damage
has improved somewhat although it's like
a third of what it used to be in our
rate of fires like average but our speed
is slightly better we got to go deeper
that's what I'm talking about we've done
it okay now never touch the v8 again
it's a great item because of what it
just did
we've got more damage a slightly better
rate of fire and actually functional
speed as a result of the aggressive v8
rolls we've done it and I mean that
sincerely we've conquered every
disadvantage that we
could have conceivably had we have an
amazing start to to a tiny planet run
I'm not going to say that you know we
can only go up from here but you know
we've got a homing tiers tiny planet and
great future prospects this could
actually be not just a good run but a
really fun run as well and we do get an
extra spirit heart so it's a little bit
more plausible and might actually be
able to justify picking up some deal
with the devil love here I want to see
like piercing shots don't take that yet
we did not get piercing shots instead we
got a Krampus fight and I can make that
work
tiny planet with love of coal is
extremely good and that's exactly what
we got here so I mean we're way ahead of
schedule that much should be abundantly
clear we're at three minutes here so
that's what happens when you get the d8
and crickets body early on it basically
has created a situation in which were
you know in a fantastic spot Clancy
delete this item from existence nephew
it doesn't belong in Isaac it has no
purpose it's literally a troll item that
is it had one look I've really gets this
item too much I shouldn't even talk
about it but it's self-indulgent and I'm
indulging baby it's the chocolate cake
for the young man sold come get dusted
much appreciated with the dust say okay
there goes our deal with the devil
chance because I'm a moron just break
the flies open the flies are enemy now
the Flies are the hardest enemy we've
ever faced because we can't break the
freaking golden poops maneuver properly
I just don't understand Plan C it's a
it's an item that I fundamentally just
do not understand the design process
behind unless like the only thing I can
think of is like Lola epic troll in
Emily okay well you got you got some
people once and then now it's time to
delete it from the game nephew we've
done it
oh but if Jupiter and Saturn aligned in
the 4th shadow of the Cassiopeia cluster
then you can use Plan C with Lazarus
ready to kill Abbas that you were
probably strong enough to kill anyway
but only by pressing your seat look I
know I I love this game too and I want
to defend every aspect of it but Plan C
is irredeemable especially because it
shows up so freakin like I would almost
rather that it just opened and said
gotcha
from a red chest instead of giving me
Plan C because they functionally have
like exactly the same value to me at
this present moment in my life ok
euthanasia is a great pick up stop
walking into enemies I get it
you're like I want to use my orbital to
deal a bunch of damage but you know you
have 10 damage here ok so now I'm
realizing there's an issue with this run
and it's our rate of fire not rate of
fire high range of fire I actually
cannot reach the enemies okay so I've
had our damage so we can get through
this room apparently you can just wait
it out and eventually the doors will
open but what's particularly heinous
about this situation oh I think we might
be able to do it here what's
particularly heinous about this
situation is how I'm constantly going to
have to dodge the shots as they come in
where the bad folks go and they die they
don't go to heaven where the Angels fly
the go to this room on the catacombs one
see you again forth jeweler weave dummy
we could die now actually because of the
thank God for the HP but because of the
statistical decrease in where our HP
actually stands right now we're not in a
great spot to be honest with you
still like you know despite being really
happy with this run every once in a
while something happens it just makes
you go hmm great really makes you think
you know still ten rate of fire five
damage with lump of coal it's not bad
but it's I hope it's a setup for our
next role because this role is not
getting the job done I don't even know
if a range upgrade does anything with
tiny planet except make the tiers
survive longer so it's possible the
range upgrade in general was completely
unnecessary like that I shouldn't have
used the d8 is what I'm trying to
suggest but you know desperate times
seem to have called for desperate
measures shot speed up with an emperor
card which we can't really take and then
a reroll we're savage much better speed
it's probably an okay trade-off in the
present moment our speed was relatively
bad you know damage is a stat we always
want to go up speed is more of a stat
that like we want to get over a certain
threshold but ah geez we these are the
worst enemies man they completely
compromise your ability to dodge with
tiny planet there goes our deal with the
devil chance yet again but we can make
it happen here I don't understand this
guy but we're going to play him anyway
because this is the moment of redemption
sometimes we give him one bomb and he
gives us one bomb back sometimes we give
him one bomb and he gives us two bombs
back sometimes we give him one bomb and
he gives us sad bombs maybe that's how
we understand him so our luck stat is
above zero I'm sorry dude
I just don't respect you is like the big
problem here there full heart it's a
half heart okay so we I mean we don't
have to do this this way but I'm going
to do it this way anyway because I'm a
silly boy oh that was not what I meant
to do I meant to go down to one red
heart but you know what that's our
second euthanasia or sorry ii spun pick
up right there and nisha sweet that's
what I was going for all right spirit
odds you know we're going to get spirit
hearts here is your first spirit alright
there's kind of a weird looking one but
why am I talking like this because I've
ruined my whole run on purpose
look at this smug son of a bitch this
one is completely my fault
like there were infinite bad plays there
let's make the dream happen this is
where we stop the slump seven eight ftca
to eight lemon party
let me guess nothing we come in here in
a big box just pops Elvis as you died I
think it's like you know where is weird
we've gotten rid of the pressure that
previously was on it's not like there
was much but there was some and my brain
subconsciously is like I don't want to
win I don't want to go back to that yet
I want to have some fun but like that
tiny planet run was fun I just resented
the fact that I was unable to hit some
enemies and I rear old out of my god
tear tiny planet starts to take some you
know trash to your nonsense instead
because I had to but the game is
somewhat innocent whoo
this is it we got to make it happen on
this one I think this is you know get
get all the bad luck out at once again
not saying there wasn't personally
directed terrible play there as well but
you can't get three losses with one
character in one video we've done it
before
it's soul-crushing especially coming
after a loss that admittedly that Judas
loss that we just had was actually 100%
the game's fault
I didn't play the best I've ever played
in my life but I played well within the
bounds of normalcy
we just got nothing that gave us any leg
up on the competition that we took the
wrong deal with the devil with curse of
the blind I suppose and it was all
downhill from there but it's up to us to
build back from that said that narrative
of negativity and instead build a
narrative of Nativity I don't know what
that means outside of you know the
nativity scene but I'm assuming it's a
positive thing most of the time I don't
know hey GB bug I'm gonna need you to do
like all the damage here because I
haven't really complained about this
start but it's definitely like something
I want to complain about
we have about average damage technically
a little bit less but I'm not gonna you
know put on airs too much about that the
real problem is 14 rate of fire it
should actually be like illegal for this
game to spawn you was under well over I
guess but it should be legal for this
game to spawn you with over 12 rate of
fire 10 knees acceptable that's the
average and then it seems like every
other run you're starting with like 12
13 14 12 I could even if you didn't show
me the stat screen and you gave me 12
well at least we got one of them you
gave me 12 rate of fire I would probably
be like yeah this is about average the
stat screen is doing the in that
situation cuz I I know what I'm getting
into but 14 you know you don't don't pee
on my back and tell me you're putting
lotion on it
I can't see I don't have eyes back there
you're taking advantage of a trusting
individuals that make you feel good
about yourself well it shouldn't you you
weirdo well unlike the end of that death
that we just had kind of like that as
well but we have a pretty good chance of
getting a deal with the devil I think we
had one spirit heart I hope we had one
spirit heart it's a second secret room
probably hopefully just like pumped full
of red hearts would be the ideal
situation I'm gonna tell you what I'm
gonna blow you up see what I get
Oh pinkie eye is actually when we have
very poor damage pinkie eye is
completely acceptable to me we did catch
him for like a quarter of a second there
so I'm alright with the with the usage
although I wish he'd stuck around a
little bit longer just blow yourself up
usually his bombs now explode so they
can't hit him I think oh no I'm just
talking out of my butt I thought this
champion version was like insulated
against self-immolation no breathing
doesn't give an effort because as I'm
bleeding
oh mylanta you got a mob the voids you
just a shadow throw down a temperance
card you know we're not gonna live by
doing this but we can at least kill kill
ourselves in such a way that we get some
resources back and get a much much much
deserve it in my opinion stat increase
as we head down the next floor so we're
kind of rushing now against all odds
we've created a run in which our stats
are actually quite good we have 10
damage and 10 rate of fire this early on
it's a lucky time in a young boy's life
now the real kicker is trying to make
sure that we get mobbed the void to pop
and the faster that this can give us
basically like one and a half demon
hearts the
happier I'm going to be but we are
actually in a dominant position now just
going to show you like how
transformative haha Judas the shadow can
be by itself to be honest with you and
we're making good use of we don't need
that we're making good use of crack the
sky as well an item that I unfairly kind
of treated like garbage but it is
actually fairly useful Wow so we G board
is just okay which is why we're not
going to take it but blood of the martyr
I think has n plus 2.5 to in this
situation is very useful and honestly I
would be stunned if this isn't us
getting back on the horse because we
have the best of my instinct here put
together a run that's actually quite
nice right now in fact it was from like
being really bad to being like well
above average and I don't mean that as
like a it sounds like a slight to say
someone's above average I'm not feeling
that above average right now you know I
studied like crazy for this this midterm
that I just wrote got my midterm mark
Becca a 72 class average 81 last
semester I was I wouldn't say destroying
the curve but I was above the curve this
semester I'm bringing the curve down
doing people a favor harder class but
and you know luckily people tell these
stories they're like you know you got to
remember when you go to college you go
to university you're not a you're not
going to get A's all the time I already
had that humbling experience in
undergrad so mostly I just kind of
looked at that and went I should try
like 9% harder to catch up there but so
on just a sobering moment man this run
now does not feel like that this runs
like hey the class average was an 80 and
you got a 110 because we're had
basically above average in every single
stat we're holding the Stars card for I
mean to be honest with you not much
reason right now because if we wanted to
do boss rush we could just do boss rush
or we could get another teleport card in
advance so
and then of course there's the other
aspect we have a lot of keys and then
there's the other aspect
apparently our items not going to do
that much for us anyway but let's uh
let's renew our focus here on this run
you know because you could have a great
setup and then squander it or you could
have a bad setup and ride it to
greatness it does appear right now that
this one it's going to be tough to lose
the real like the most stable marriage
of items in Isaac is items or builds
rather that give you the ability to
generate your own hearts especially if
they come with corresponding damage
upgrades like ours did like we're in
such a good spot as a result of this and
and this is honestly only going to make
it better so sack of sacks of course is
lovely we will put down temperance and
then go to town thanks to restock we
should maybe just be able to like do
this forever and we sort of have the
time to do it forever as well we didn't
need to do that it kind of squandered it
but anyway bye Pandora's box see what
you get it's a range upgrade which is
trash but it's fine life goes on you
don't have Steam sale ok so then we
can't do it forever but we did it for a
decently long time there I wouldn't mind
getting getting a nine-volt actually
works well you know for room charges
allows us to use them quite a bit more
frequently to room charges are the ideal
but you can't always get what you wanna
but if you grind sometimes with the
temperance card you just might find
temporarily you can get what you need
with some contingencies ok
you are already done you just don't know
it yet 72% deal with the devil chance
with a rate of fire increase oh and sac
dagger it's like this running we can
just sit back throw hand surfing out the
window one hand out the window one hand
around the shoulder of a beautiful babe
one hand on a cold one two fingers in
on the steering wheel one hand on the
radio dial
just cruising listening to some tunes
also yes I am Goro from Mortal Kombat
just relaxing in the summertime we're
actually almost twice as fast as I
normally expect to be on a decent run
and that's really you know twelve damage
and our tears not even being like just
tears like it's got a big ol basically a
beam that allows us to destroy groups of
enemies extremely quickly plus our HP is
good I would like some permanent deal
with the devil access if possible don't
know if that's going to be that's going
to be doable sach daggers also like it's
the greatest like bayonet basically it's
a backup weapon for us that it does its
job you can't get to that I'm a little
surprised not mad though just just
surprised
now sad bombs was the run that we
squandered and we'll be yelled at for
appropriately in the comments so I am
missing sad bombs there's a song that
goes I ain't been missing you at all
from the 1980s I can't remember who was
fine but neither can he so it goes I
even missing you at all
missing you same to then gone away and
then gist of the song is he's a liar
he's missing her like crazy but I mean
I'm going to rework the lyrics to about
sad bombs because I am missing it at all
but then you know the gist of the
original song also touches on that it's
like an ironic sort of situation
we uh that was a terrible sound that
came out of my throat well stick with
the stars card we don't really need ace
of spades
out of all of them I'm sorry I got
really loud there out of all the
upgrades or new new things that came out
of after birth plus I really do think
that I mean Plan C of course I got no no
love loss for but I really just do not
care about the existence of ASA spades
ace of clubs Ace of Hearts and Ace of
Diamonds I get it there there are
actually some situations in which it's
like sort of useful there's probably a
few situations at which is very useful
that I've just never encountered but for
the most part you're like okay I got
three pennies I'm going to turn them
into three keys what an amazing get this
is great though the I mean not every
trinket I guess has to be amazing but it
also I really thought I was going to
have an instability still the other
thing is that for whatever reason to me
it seems like the ace of blanks show up
probably twice as often as they should
obviously it didn't in that example and
is it just to prove me wrong perhaps we
all know that how the troll engine works
so have stars stars get-out-of-jail-free
I I don't really care about get out of
jail free but I think I'm gonna okay I
do care about get out of jail free I'm
going to explain why in the least
complex convoluted way possible we can
use a teleport card to get out of boss
rush and then pick up get out of jail
free assuming we bring it down to this
next floor and then use that to fight
mega saving and that's at least
something to like live for on this run
that isn't just like you know we're
going to win so because we can throw in
an extra element of like of uniqueness
I'll always buy polka go honestly it
almost always seems to be useful at
least temporarily but I think that's
that's one of the better shop additions
I might it might just be biased because
like when you get
when you get nan a subs you tend to use
them right away and thus they don't
stick in the consciousness that long
it's because they're like actually so
good thought maybe that might open the
deal with the devil when you get a subs
you hold them forever and you sometimes
in fact I would say often times don't
get any use out of them at least I don't
so it's not so much that I think that
they're effective useless I think their
effect is almost useless but they're
really insidious part is that they get
your hopes up so you think you got
something good and then it's like ah you
got 18 keys we'll check it out now you
got 21 keys piece of clubs I mean you
can't really take that as an example of
how often it shows up a lesser person
would but I above all outs I respect the
integrity of probability and stats and
I'm doing my Tom Waits impression again
I knew a statistician he always drank
coffee when he did his t-test that's a
surprisingly good joke that is not that
funny but is at least a little clever
telepathy is actually really fun and and
quite good as well probably we should
not just squander it by immediately
walking into enemies but this is a fun
and fast-paced run it's fun for the
whole family except this game man
presuming is like a Peggy 18 rating but
you the idea
no this is probably T 14 it's definitely
not e although sometimes I'll be honest
with you I'm like guilty of I mean we
can't really we have a wisest no what
are you gonna do I mean I think we take
get a jail free I'd rather take get out
of jail free and maybe fight mega save
sometimes I forget - the game has like
biblical overtones
like literally direct references and
also like some gross stuff I can't want
the Flies honestly and I'm like good
should be ready to eat people look at
the game and they go rated e are you on
e see good good joke never ever touch me
again unless you're prepared prepared
unless you're prepared to feel the cold
hand of justice so I think we don't need
to generate this many flies to make the
to make the run pop but
I'm an idiot you know you've got a great
run though when you're actually mad that
you have the chariot because it does
less damage than your actual your actual
tears which is why I use it again
immediately of course to clubs dude
we're getting there
eventually 99 bombs exclusively through
the use of torque loves its acts like
out of control every sack gives us a
chariot card I don't know if that's like
a new deal that they're doing here like
Franklin Delano Roosevelt style or
something but getting like a chariot
card per wave could be worse although
when we use the charity we're not
generating any we're not generating any
demon hearts which is kind of I wouldn't
suggest it's essential at the present
moment but it's part of the it's part of
the game plan for certain I still don't
understand but you can get two charges
per room on on each boss rush wave few
charges per wave I should say which is
why I'm trying to take advantage of it
here looks like there's two separate
play payout areas now I don't know if
that's a bug or what but like you know
sometimes we see that we don't have a
partner
sometimes at the elack's my only friend
is a deal with the devil that given me
brimstone anyway sometimes we see that
the sack boy or the the sack of sacks
here only pays out on the second tick of
payouts here I feel like I'm taking
crazy pills
okay okay okay okay okay it's like I
know you've given me many chances to not
take damage we're finally going to take
advantage of those chances now hey man
it's just non-stop hang the man now like
we took we did like the exact opposite
of what my intended plan was we took
get-out-of-jail-free down here see
that's the second payout I was talking
about algae's Cleaves officers so we
actually can't teleport out and then
come back in here and get it except we
totally can because we're before 20
minutes which rarely happens all right
we roll dude I'm soaked so we like
rarely use our own tears but Jacobs
ladders lovely and and we out basically
should have gone to the boss Trap room
but we traded one HP away that's why we
couldn't go to the boss Trap room before
so that's fine that's fine
we do have a bead on the gup-e dream
okay yeah you know absolutely I'll take
piercing
I'll take piercing shots here I really
need to stop recklessly taking so much
damage oh no I actually used on soos
like I was the smartest man in human
existence that I was like check it out I
got on soos nothing can stop me I can
see the whole map for once now that this
this run really has a great chance to
break our slump that doesn't even exist
yet it's like a pre-broken it's a pre
slump slump break which is the ideal you
know I've gone through a slump recently
it ain't as fun as you might suggest
that it would be I don't know why you'd
suggest it's fun but it's it's not as
fun as you might suggest it would be I
promise you that we're playing pretty
badly but if we get the result I think
that's going to be enough give me
get-out-of-jail-free you know we're down
here for a reason we're going to fight
mega satan then we're going to go to Y
star wid what did you say hey it's been
a while since I looked up my most recent
Howard Dean memes we're going to go to
Washington ever better go to DC
take back the White House whoa shouldn't
joke about American politics you know
what is it been it's been almost 10
months since the American election now
it's like 7 yes in seven months since
the American election which means we
should be starting to talk about the
next American election maybe like 6
weeks from now so you know don't don't
joke about it you're going to be hearing
enough about it I'm sure already I've
got a four-year election cycle in a six
year news cycle about the election
there's something like just put Jerry
Seinfeld News behind that one might not
be funnier but it might have a little
bit more punch when you're through but
in film film thumbs did you hear the one
about the sandwich that I but I'm the
last step thing I mean I know it's a no
it's an old it's a hacky joke basically
what's the deal with airplane food but I
think I should be like uh there should
be comedy joke James you know how
there's already you know game jams
there should be comedy joke jams where
you make jokes around a theme and I
think that it could be a really good
test of a comedians ability to make a
joke about airplane food and have it
actually be funny if you can manage to
get that like you you're in a
scholarship to Second City or something
like that I don't know second city is
like a real if it's a school but as far
as I'm concerned they should start
offering scholarships if someone can
construct a funny joke about airplane
food in the year 2017 because the whole
audience is going to be working against
you they're going to be like all an
airplane joke make me laugh man tell me
something about the differences between
men and women while you're at it my wife
likes to shop so much I said honey you
know you didn't marry a bank good
officer
don't get out downtown down steps to
them anyway
I really liked the conversations that
came out of that video last week where
Jerry Seinfeld denied a hug to Ke$ha we
didn't get into it properly on the NL s
s because everybody except for Dan on
the NL s s agreed with the premise that
Jerry Seinfeld should be allowed to deny
Ke$ha a hug
I don't really want to mine look go
ahead so we'll press release let's go
let's go for both it's a decent damage
upgrade um I I was surprised actually
because my ears my philosophy doesn't
see the video go C is hilarious and
insightful in in some ways in the human
psychology I guess on a very pop level
but Jerry Seinfeld's giving an interview
and he's like I'll be able to the oven
are that one recently and then Ke$ha
multi-platinum recording artist Kesha
comes up and goes oh my god I love you
can I have a hug very totally normal
interaction not using that voice because
I'm against Kesha in this situation is
this a normal way that some a fan would
meet a person you know be excited about
it and Jerry Seinfeld goes no thank you
and he puts his hand up and then she
goes please and he goes no thank you
and then she goes just a little when it
he goes no thank you and he like stepped
back and kind of put his hand up like
that's the last time I'm gonna say no
thank you wrong I have to call somebody
right and then she's like was sad and
walked away but I kind of as much as I
think that I mean he's a little bit of a
weirdo for not accepting the hug and I
know that he didn't know was somebody
that was that was famous but you know
even still even if you knew that she was
Kesha I think you know dawn I was real
dumb I think Jerry Seinfeld's got the
where's my where's my I get a jail free
card that's an important part of the
process here I think Jerry Seinfeld was
well within his rights to to do that you
know she asked can I give you a hug
Jerry Seinfeld is you say can I have a
hug but like that's not that relevant
did I actually forget it I'm well no no
no it might not
forgotten it um I think I forgot way to
go buddy way to go but yeah um she she
said hey you know can I have a hug
and he said no she asked him a question
and and he replied to it with an answer
he said no and then she asked again and
he said no I'm good and then she asked
for a third time and he was basically
like have you not heard me I'm not going
to give you a hug you know you never
know you might be a germaphobe or
something like that it provokes like
incredible anxiety he might just not be
a hugger so I was surprised like you
both Nick and I were like you know she
asked and he said no I think Jerry's the
kind of weirdo admittedly but he's in
the right in this situation and Dan was
like you know doesn't that reveal the
kind of person that Jerry Seinfeld is
like you won't give a hug to a fan yeah
but I mean I would do it I in someone
came out to me I was like I'm a big fan
can I have a hug I'd be like yeah no
problem I'm not much of a hugger but you
know I'm okay with it and then the
difference is like well there's two
differences first off Jerry Jerry
Seinfeld's net worth is something like
860 million dollars so like he can
afford to make enemies but then the
other one is like he might actually just
hate hugs and even if he doesn't and he
just doesn't like Ke$ha you know he's
within his rights she made the situation
weird to begin with that's my
perspective I might be I might be
overstating it to suggest that Nick and
I were in the minority we were just in
the minority on the show sorry we were
we were in the majority on the show and
I have seen people that are like you
should have just given her the hug I do
agree that he comes across like a jerk
by denying the hug but you know without
getting to inside baseball here whenever
usually unless I forget from time to
time but when I meet people at
conventions and they say hey you know
can we take a picture
I always if they're standing next to me
I go is it okay if I put my arm on your
shoulder is it okay before my arm around
me because you never know people might
like hate being touched or something
like that you make sure you draw that
boundary before you interact with them
and the Kesha's point
she did ask before she just lunged it
Jerry and wrapped him in a bear hug but
at the same time you got to accept no
for an answer so we ended this episode
with the wind I'm happy with that a
couple of losses in the meantime but for
now thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
it if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal of course
subscribe you don't see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time
tenten tenten tenten tenten doo doo doo
doo yeah